Toby: Hey, we're not all going to sit in a circle Indian style are we?
Toby: I'm sorry.
Toby: I love their sandwiches.
Toby: Really? Today?
Toby: Oh, Happy Birthday.
Toby: Yeah, I could say something.
Toby: Hi, do you mind if I sign the card real quick?
Toby: It's just a birthday card.
Toby: There's some right there.
Toby: Hi, nice to meet you.
Toby: Hey, um did you go to uh, Bishop O'Hara?
Toby: Yeah, me too.
Toby: Eighty-nine.
Toby: Yeah.
Toby: A girl.
Toby: Hi.
Toby: Hey, did you go to Bishop Ohara?
Toby: Yeah, me too.
Toby: '89.
Toby: It's just a snack.
Toby: No.
Toby: Just the once.
Toby: Yes, that's true. I have never won a Dundie. I am more than okay with that.
Toby: I'm just saying I don't think it's appropriate for you to have given Ryan that award.
Toby: Okay, that is fine to feel, but not to act on.
Toby: It wasn't a vote. You decided.
Toby: Okay, that is not true.
Toby: 'Cause Ryan asked me to talk to you.
Toby: Michael?
Toby: Um... I need to talk to you in your office. It'll just take two seconds.
Toby: The full story is that Randall resigned because of sexual harassment. So Corporate asked me to do a five minute review of the Company Sexual Harassment policy.
Toby: It's really not a big deal, Michael.
Toby: And then Corporate is going to send in a lawyer...
Toby: Just to refresh you... .
Toby: on our policy.
Toby: Maybe not some of them. Maybe not inappropriate ones.
Toby: Yeah, okay. Corporate would like us to do a five minute review of the Company Sexual Harassment policy so I'll go over that later.
Toby: So remember, intent is irrelevant. And that's it. Pam?
Toby: Great point.
Toby: Um... in fact, basic rule of thumb, let's just act everyday like Pam's Mom's coming in. All right. That's it. Um... if anybody has any questions about anything, you know where I sit in the back.
Toby: Uh, yes!
Toby: I can go over it with you.
Toby: It's over.
Toby: Office relationships are never a good idea. Yeah. So let's just try to avoid them. But, um, if you already have one, you should disclose it to HR.
Toby: Ok, you know, Michael...
Toby: No.
Toby: Well, that would be...
Toby: Okay, I'm lost.
Toby: Hey Dwight.
Toby: Sure.
Toby: Technically, I am in Human Resources. And Dwight was asking about human anatomy. Um... I'm just sad the public school system failed him so badly.
Toby: Yeah, maybe when you get really comfortable with each other, you can ask for that.
Toby: I should get back to work.
Toby: He talked the whole time.
Toby: So it's like volleyball.
Toby: Okay, you get a one-second hold on the ball...
Toby: ...and you bounce it off the wall on your side of the tape.
Toby: Yeah, Michael asked about it once. I just pretended not to hear him. He left.
Toby: Say Anything, The Shining, Annie Hall, that's too obvious.
Toby: Toy Story 2, one of the best movies I ever saw. I went for my daughter and stayed because you can't leave your daughter in a theater.
Toby: Hey, Jim.
Toby: Michael?
Toby: Michael, do you have the name of the employee you're letting go? I'd like to start working on out-placement.
Toby: I don't report to you, Michael. I report to the head of HR in New York.
Toby: They would just send someone else. You need to have an HR representative.
Toby: I know, Michael.
Toby: Michael, it's almost 5:00.
Toby: Um, ex-wife. Yeah. Um, her last name is 'Becker' now.
Toby: You don't need to write 'ex'.
Toby: Michael...
Toby: Any word on those time cards?
Toby: We want to go home.
Toby: That is unbelievable.
Toby: Aren't the suggestions meant for you?
Toby: Yeah, I assumed Michael was already doing this. That's why I only use my personal e-mail account.
Toby: I got Angela. She is into these posters of babies dressed as adults. I got her one of those. I felt kind of weird buying that.
Toby: Well, it's for Angela, so ..
Toby: We're really not supposed to serve alcohol.
Toby: So, hey, you wanna trade?
Toby: Really? You were gonna throw out a book?
Toby: Oh, cool. It looks really interesting. What did you end up with?  Sorry.
Toby: Christmas.
Toby: Hey, Brenda.
Toby: I got lost.
Toby: I guess I shouldn't have stopped for dinner.
Toby: Wow, you just dive right into it.
Toby: What, what happened?
Toby: What do you need?
Toby: I don't think Pam's gonna want to come into the men's room.
Toby: Ryan, is, uh, dead.
Toby: Dead.
Toby: No. Can't, can't you just get up yourself? I... You only grilled your foot.
Toby: Well you know, frankly a lot of us have been saying this for a long time.
Toby: Yeah, and I, uh, I think that the very fact that we're including it in our agenda frankly, is a big step forward.
Toby: I'm sorry?
Toby: Uh, ok.
Toby: Uh, great. Why don't we move on?
Toby: Great. Because you that I think the very fact that
Toby: You just got your corporate credit card back. Do you really want me to take it away again?
Toby: I'm not processing this.
Toby: He seems fine to me.
Toby: That's no burst pipe.
Toby: Hey.
Toby: Mmm-hmm.
Toby: Yeah.
Toby: Yeah.
Toby: What are you talking about?
Toby: Yeah.
Toby: Honestly, I don't even hear her anymore. It's like waves crashing against the beach.
Toby: Been to Amsterdam.
Toby: To Amsterdam.
Toby: Umm... After my divorce. Yeah.
Toby: Uh, about a week. Er... .um... .maybe a month. I uh can't...
Toby: Come on.
Toby: Okay, tell them what you wanted to say.
Toby: Alright, I wasn't expecting that. Let's uh... let's go draw.
Toby: I think these belong to you.
Toby: Believe me, she has enough toys... she doesn't need your watch.
Toby: Is everything okay?
Toby: Uh... it's true...
Toby: Mmhmm.
Toby: Well, you need a wife first, or at least a girlfriend.
Toby: Not Jan.
Toby: If you really want to have kids, I--- I guess you could somehow... foster parent, or something.
Toby: Somehow.
Toby: Yes.
Toby: Didn't you lose a lot of money on that other investment, the one from the email?
Toby: Who brought in donuts?
Toby: Happy birthday!
Toby: I... guess I forgot.
Toby: Are you serious?
Toby: Honestly, is there any way you can get on your fiancee's plan? Our health plan is s... just... it's terrible.
Toby: I don't really think people are in the laughing mood.
Toby: I work here.
Toby: Oh, when you sign your job application you agree to comply with random drug testing.
Toby: Hookah is not an illegal drug, Michael.
Toby: No it's not. It's a type of pipe. You can fill it with tobacco, often mixed with fruit, or other flavors.
Toby: You can't do that.
Toby: That's not random.
Toby: Michael's behavior is erratic and unpredictable, but I don't think he's doing drugs. Maybe he should. Take the edge off. Uh, not at work, of course.
Toby: You know, sometimes I wish we just didn't have a conference room.  You know? He couldn't do that.
Toby: Yeah.
Toby: Bye.
Toby: Just letting Oscar vent a little. We would use the break room, but the photographer's back there today.
Toby: It's just a little dispute over a poster in their workspace.
Toby: Michael, can I talk to you for a uh, second please?
Toby: Here's how I usually handle this: all I do is listen.
Toby: These things just have a way of working themselves out.
Toby: It's like if you write someone a letter, when you're really angry... they say to keep it in a drawer for a couple days. Then you just never end up sending it.
Toby: Okay.
Toby: That was the right decision for me and my marriage.
Toby: You solved it?
Toby: Well, good. We can, uh, throw that one out.
Toby: Mmm-Hm.
Toby: I... I can't do that.
Toby: That...
Toby: It's all Dwight's.
Toby: Every Friday at 4, I have a standing appointment with Dwight for him to file a grievance against Jim. I tell him that I'm sending them to a special file in New York. That box is the special file in New York.
Toby: Actually, I have a separate folder for complaints against Michael. This is January through March of this year.
Toby: Yeah, it just means whoever complained came to me later and withdrew it, so I took their name off.
Toby: To your HR representative.
Toby: Fine, I'll take your name off.  So no one will know.
Toby: Sure.
Toby: Just take it.
Toby: Talk to Michael. I gave him the box.
Toby: Actually, I didn't think it was appropriate to invite children since it's... You know, there's gambling and alcohol, and it's in our dangerous warehouse and it's a school night... And, you know, Hooters is catering. You know, is that enough? Should I keep going?
Toby: I'll call.
Toby: I have good cards.
Toby: I don't really play cards, but I'm not gonna lie to you. It felt really good to take money from Michael. Gonna chase that feeling.
Toby: Frustrating.
Toby: OK I think Oscar would just like if you used "lame" or something like that.
Toby: No not really...
Toby: Apparently you called Oscar "faggie" for liking the movie Shakespeare in Love more than an action movie.
Toby: All right Michael, but Oscar's really gay.
Toby: I mean for real.
Toby: No, I mean he's attracted to other men.
Toby: OK, I am telling you, Oscar is an actual homosexual. Yeah, he told me this morning. And, obviously he hopes he can count on your discretion.
Toby: OK, Michael, are you aware that you ousted Oscar today?
Toby: All right, now Oscar's feeling discriminated against by his co-workers, primarily Angela, and um, that's your fault.
Toby: Michael?
Toby: What?
Toby: Really? She's dating?
Toby: Hey, Pam.
Toby: It's, uh... I was... might ask if you wanted...
Toby: Um, if, uh... um... I just completely forgot what I was going to say. It's so weird.
Toby: Okay.
Toby: Michael, look. I know this is hard for you, but death's just a part of life. I mean, just this morning I saw a little bird fly into the glass doors downstairs and die. And I had to keep going.
Toby: What?
Toby: It was obvious...
Toby: Well, I am trained in grief counseling, but, ahh, I don't think that's what they need right now.
Toby: Well, as you know, Ed Truck passed away. So, I'm here to talk about it if anyone would like to.
Toby: Is anyone having any trouble eating?
Toby: Concentrating? Is anyone having trouble getting their work done today?
Toby: Well, look, sometimes things crop up later. So, uhh, you should know I'm always available if anyone would like to talk.
Toby: Michael, I'm sorry...
Toby: Yeah, the ball-throwing exercise is in the binder. It's in the section marked, "Fun Ways To Make Brainstorming Sessions Explode With Excitement and Creativity."
Toby: Second?
Toby: Actually, she's right. This isn't appropriate. Why don't I take these.
Toby: Yes.
Toby: Michael, uh... we shouldn't be talking about this until all the decisions have been made.
Toby: Jan told me just a few minutes before she told you.
Toby: Well for a minute there, I saw myself selling my house, moving to Costa Rica, learning how to surf. But, Costa Rica will still be there. When I'm 65.
Toby: Hey.
Toby: Ah, pretty good. I finished.
Toby: About seven.
Toby: Well, that has wheels.
Toby: Hey, this came with the Stamford book.  Can you take care of it?
Toby: Hey, Jim!
Toby: Oh, really good.
Toby: How are you? Hey. Welcome back.
Toby: No, I'm sorry, it's...
Toby: No, it's nothing. We'll just...
Toby: So... okay.
Toby: All right... sorry... sorry about that.
Toby: It was just...
Toby: Nothing.
Toby: Um... You might want these orientation materials.
Toby: I don't... I don't think we can do that.
Toby: This is Toby. Hey Pam. Where are you calling from?
Toby: Michael. Why's everyone locked in the conference room?
Toby: Well, you're going to have to let 'em out. Or... or I will.
Toby: You know they're teasing you. I mean... obviously, this is... a much nicer place than an actual prison. We get paid to be here. We go home afterwards and have social lives. We have... we have parties here. They're teasing you. To be funny.
Toby: Oh, Dwight, we talked about this.
Toby: Dwight, you cannot keep that here.
Toby: Come on Dwight. We went over this, like for a half an hour.
Toby: It's a dead animal in an office. You can't...
Toby: I'm sorry.
Toby: Clean it in your car.
Toby: Hey Dwight. Pretty nice robe-  Why?
Toby: Hey Kev.
Toby: Angela, what do you want me to do?
Toby: Look, it's a free country. If she wants to throw a party...
Toby: ...using her own money...
Toby: ...then she should be allowed to.
Toby: The more the merrier.
Toby: Oww.
Toby: That really hurt. I'm writing you up.  Hey, you are not allowed to touch other employees. Am I being clear?
Toby: Hey I need to talk to you right now.
Toby: About you and Jan.
Toby: Wish it were true, but it, it uh, seems from that photo that you took, you've entered into an intimate relationship.
Toby: Michael, nine different people emailed me that photo, including my ex-wife... we don't talk now.
Toby: You know, for your own protection, you should disclose the relationship to HR.
Toby: All right, if you're having a relationship with your superior, you must disclose it.
Toby: All right, thanks Michael.
Toby: You know, I actually lived in Honolulu for a year.
Toby: Yeah.
Toby: At the gym.
Toby: Toby! Yeah!
Toby: The simple solution would be to open a window... if we had... windows that could open.
Toby: Oh, this looks great. I'd, I'd love to be there, but my daughter's play is tonight. ... Damnit! You know, one of the other parents will probably videotape it.
Toby: Well, it's important to support local art, you know. And what they do is not art.
Toby: Here.
Toby: I was...
Toby: Yes.
Toby: I don't know, you?
Toby: I am not doing your dirty work for you.
Toby: I'm... here, Jan.
Toby: Well, we fired Roy, obviously. And Jim won't press charges against Roy or the company.
Toby: Yeah, um, but now apparently Darryl has some issue with his...
Toby: Which is where?
Toby: Thanks Dwight.
Toby: Can you stop...
Toby: There's a bunch of people back here, maybe...
Toby: Guys...
Toby: I don't think Michael intended to punish me, by putting Ryan back here with Kelly. But, if he did intend that? Wow. Genius.
Toby: Where?
Toby: Alright.
Toby: No.
Toby: How would we get home?
Toby: Hi, Jan.
Toby: Just preparing for the deposition.
Toby: This may be the first time that a male subordinate has attempted to get a modest scheduled raise by threatening to withhold sex from a female superior. It will be a groundbreaking case when it inevitably goes to trial.
Toby: Sure.
Toby: Ok, um, one thing that you're gonna want to look out for is carpal tunnel syndrome. It's recommended that you take a ten minute break from typing every hour. For your circulation, you're gonna want to get up out of your chairs and uh, and move around about ten minutes every hour.
Toby: Um, yeah. You're computer screen can be a big strain on your eyes, so uh, it's also recommended that you step away for about... about ten minutes every hour.
Toby: No, no. Um, you always want to keep a sweater or cardigan of some sort, in case it gets drafty.
Toby: Well, that'll work.
Toby: You know, anything that warms you.
Toby: Sedentary.
Toby: Creed is eating an apple. I found a potato.
Toby: Nice.
Toby: Hey, what's going on? There's a police car in the...
Toby: What's going on?
Toby: I don't think laughing about it is an appropriate response.
Toby: I don't think the women in this office -
Toby: I was at a parent-teacher conference.
Toby: Hey, uh... where'd you decide to take Karen tonight?
Toby: I-I think we hang out an appropriate amount of time.
Toby: Anybody need sun block? Got SPF 30.
Toby: It's Beach Day...
Toby: Hey, want my sun screen?
Toby: Uh-huh.
Toby: No, I did not violate an Indian burial ground. In fact I had some good luck recently, Alfredo's Pizza, picked my business card out of the basket, so... uh, I got a week of free pies.
Toby: Yeah.
Toby: Oh, Michael, you can't ask about religious beliefs...
Toby: Alright, well then you can ask about religious beliefs.
Toby: Hey!
Toby: I'm makin' great time. Usually I have to take a bathroom break half way through a race like this, but not today.
Toby: And the winner is Toby Flenderson.
Toby: Where are we?
Toby: He couldn't have made it a circle?
Toby: Hey.
Toby: Well, Kelly's been so upset about Ryan dumping her, that she can't even talk.
Toby: Ohh.
Toby: Yes, uh some people in the office have complained...
Toby: ...about some other people engaging in PDA and, you know  I just wanted to remind it's not appropriate to, to do that.
Toby: Ok, look the memo is not about you...
Toby: Alright everyone, look, it, alright my complaint was about Jim and Pam. So...
Toby: Yes.
Toby: Hey...  you two.
Toby: Oh well, you know, those were only for, you know  relationships, so... if, if this is just a casual thing, there's no need, really.
Toby: Uh huh.
Toby: Let's just wait and see what happens.  You know?
Toby: Let's just wait.
Toby: Technically, he's right.
Toby: Hey guys. This is my, uh, girlfriend, Amy.
Toby: This is everybody else... okay... This is the place... so thanks for the lift.
Toby: Absolutely.
Toby: I just really like you.
Toby: Have a great day!
Toby: I wouldn't want to do that now would I?
Toby: The lady cop acted like she'd never pulled someone over for driving too slow. And I tried to get out of it with the famous Toby Flenderson 10,000 watt smile.  It didn't work.
Toby: Damn it.
Toby: Yeah.
Toby: Yeah.
Toby: I remember.
Toby: Thanks Kelly.
Toby: Colorblind.
Toby: It's out of context. It's not the same as driving.
Toby: It was Ryan wanted Michael, the subject, to explain the computer system, the object.
Toby: To whomever, meaning us, the indirect object. Which is the correct usage of the word.
Toby: Well, you know how everyone fast forwards through ads these days? Well, what about an ad in slow motion. You know, if they fast forward through it, it'll just seem normal and it will catch your eye. Plus, uh, the slogan could be: Dunder Mifflin, we adapt to the pace of your business.
Toby: I spent three years in advertising before I came here.
Toby: I know right? I just want to go, and look at art, and swim in the Adriatic.
Toby: Alright, just know that you're not in the Finer Things Club.
Toby: Fun?
Toby: Really?
Toby: What was fun about it for you? Was it the death of the twins?
Toby: Did you even read it?
Toby: Who was the main character?
Toby: He's gonna ruin everything.
Toby: I like it just us three.  I don't want it to change.
Toby: I love The Finer Things Club. My ex-wife used to have a book club, and I would read their book and sometimes listen from the kitchen.
Toby: I really didn't think I was going to have a good time, but I did. Totally did.
Toby: Oh, it wasn't camping, it was more of a wilderness retreat.
Toby: Michael.
Toby: Under the stars. It was really beautiful, you should come.
Toby: Me, Dan from Buffalo, Mark Chisholm, Jeff from Albany and Ryan, obviously. Made so many s'mores, that I finally had to say, "No more s'mores, no more s'mores."
Toby: Ryan invited me to go on his wilderness adventure retreat. It was this amazing, beautiful experience
Toby: Michael wasn't invited.
Toby: Hey Jim.
Toby: Hey, I just got the word on the communal birthdays. Great idea.
Toby: Yeah...
Toby: My birthday was two months ago.
Toby: There was no party.
Toby: Well, it... there was. But Michael scheduled it for 4:58 on a Friday. You know, people sang in the parking lot.
Toby: I don't know, I just thought you could include me.
Toby: I just though you could add me. I don't see the harm in that.
Toby: I'm allergic to mushrooms.
Toby: Michael, I'm your HR Rep. I'm on your side.
Toby: Um, can you make it eleven?
Toby: ...You know, I, uh, I know a little about what you're going through in a way. Um, when I was a kid, my parents got divorced. They both wanted custody, and they both asked me to testify against the other one in court. So, I don't know, I didn't want them getting divorced in the first place you know? I loved them both so much. I just wanted...
Toby: Excuse me.
Toby: Forcing your employees to set you up is not a, uh, uh, technical violation of any Dunder Mifflin rule. You know, but neither is forcing them to help you with a shot-by-shot remake of Indiana Jones. Huh-how do you make a rule book like that?
Toby: I might have it in here.
Toby: It's so random that I have it.
Toby: When I put it in I thought it would be a waste of time, but I guess it was worth it.
Toby: No.
Toby: Sorry guys, but I don't think I tipped him for last year's.
Toby: Hey, look what I found in the back.  Wanna play? Teach you to throw.
Toby: Course you do.
Toby: More like "Everyone let's get your boss laid Saturday."   I have an announcement uh, to make. I am moving to Costa Rica. Thought about it for a long time now. And I'm finally gonna do it. So, I'm just gonna hop the fence and jog home now.
Toby: Can I talk to you a second?
Toby: Uh, I really think that you need to address what happened with Stanley this morning...
Toby: Well, you know, Stanley was openly insubordinate.
Toby: Yeah.
Toby: He didn't seem like he was joking.
Toby: Alright... Well, um, if you really believe that Stanley was joking...
Toby: Um, why don't you go ask him that?
Toby: You know, Michael, sometimes my daughter's stomach hurts when there's a mean girl at school...
Toby: I'd say all the goofing around at Pam's desk, and, and hanging out with Pam, has finally caught up to him... w-with Pam
Toby: Well, you can actually fire him.
Toby: Well, as you know, Dwight has filed a lot of complaints against you over the years.
Toby: But now it's being looked at as more of a productivity issue.
Toby: I know, um, but Ryan thinks that, uh, they're not good enough.
Toby: Morning.
Toby: Good morning, Kelly.
Toby: Fine. Good.
Toby: As part of my last day I'm training the new Human Resources rep in the ways of the company. Again, the company has allotted for this training-one day.
Toby: So this is H.R. This is your desk.
Toby: Yeah, it's great, isn't it?
Toby: Hey, Stanley...
Toby: I want to introduce you to...
Toby: Hey Michael.
Toby: I'd like to introduce you to my replacement.
Toby: Come on.
Toby: Michael Scott, this is Holly.
Toby: Nothing.
Toby: You're-you're not in it.
Toby: I love it. I love it... I would love a picture of the two of us, to also take to Costa Rica.
Toby: No, uh...  Does anyone have a camera here?  No one has a camera here. Uh...
Toby: I'm gonna... I'll go get one. Stay.
Toby: What'd you guys do?
Toby: Well, we still have to do the exit interview.
Toby: Wow, thanks, Michael, I...
Toby: Hi Pam. Stay.
Toby: I'm Toby.
Toby: This place, um...
Toby: I've got some ideas, I guess...
Toby: Well let me see... I would, uh...
Toby: I guess everything's okay.
Toby: I made it this far, right? What's the point?
Toby: "Suck on this."
Toby: Thanks, I'm gonna set it to Costa Rica time.
Toby: I normally do nothing, I guess. No, you shouldn't-
Toby: Hey. Hey, you know, I just realized uh, I don't have a picture of the two of us.
Toby: Yeah, could we...
Toby: This one right here.
Toby: It's digital, so just take as many as you want.
Toby: Thanks...  Really, Michael?
Toby: It's not.
Toby: Oh, some kind of... alarm.
Toby: This is Jim Halpert...
Toby: And Pam Beesly.
Toby: You're welcome.
Toby: This is a picture I've been carrying around in my wallet for about six years. It's this unspoiled beach in Costa Rica, Playa Grande. Um, I take it out when I get stressed or depressed, and it really calms me down. Never thought I'd get to live here, you know. But it turns out they built these great new condos there, so, this could be me, right around, uh, where the trees used to be.
Toby: Hey.
Toby: Hey.
Toby: Yeah, I guess it will be my, uh, thing in Costa Rica, be a nature photographer.
Toby: Yeah. Um, you mind if I get a picture?
Toby: Think you could... Okay.  Okay.
Toby: Uh, no, that's okay.
Toby: Okay, okay, I'm going.
Toby: Well, uh, okay. Um. It's really great to be here tonight, with the Ferris wheel, the band, and the low sunlight. I'm gonna miss you all when I go to Costa Rica, and if I keep drinking beer like this, I'm gonna have to take a leak-a.  Look, on a more personal note, I just want to say thanks, you know, no matter what was going on in my life, you know, my divorce, or the custody battle, or that thing with my sister, it was just nice knowing I had a, a supportive place to come to where...
Toby: I'm gonna really miss going to beers with you guys every Tuesday night  and lastly, I'd love to urge you to keep up with my fight to have the building checked for radon gas. You know, it's a, it's a real serious matter, and every time I try to have the, uh...
Toby: ...building looked into...
Toby: Oh, I went zip lining my third day in Costa Rica. I guess the harness wasn't strapped in exactly right. I broke my neck. And, I've been in the hospital five weeks now. I still haven't seen the beach. It's nice to have visitors.
Toby: No, but I'm going zip lining tomorrow, through the, through the rainforest, with this cool couple I, I met at my hotel. Wo-woman's amazing...
Toby: Hey, is that Michael? Does he miss me?  Uh, Oscar? Are you there? Hello?
Toby: It was terrible.
Toby: I prefer being stuck in a Costa Rican hospital.
Toby: Not really.
Toby: Hi, Micha-
Toby: Well thanks Michael.
Toby: Well that's sweet, I missed you guys too.
Toby: Well, um, it was amazing. It really was, thanks for asking. Um the beaches were pristine...
Toby: ...and, yeah, the whole thing was incredibly cathartic.
Toby: It was actually kind of hard to meet people I found.
Toby: And uh, yeah, plus it was hot.
Toby: Are you all right, Michael?
Toby: Hey guys that's really inappropriate.
Toby: I'm not going to punch you, Michael.
Toby: No, why would I punch you?
Toby: Hey, what is this?
Toby: Why?
Toby: Hey, what's going on? You don't have my permission to do this.
Toby: Hey, hey what are- why are you doing this?
Toby: Don't search my stuff.
Toby: I have a reasonable right to privacy.
Toby: Michael!
Toby: Oh my God!
Toby: That was... I went to Costa Rica for a few months. What is going on?
Toby: That is not mine. I have never seen that before.
Toby: What is going on here?
Toby: Of course not!
Toby: I didn't put caprese salad in my drawer, Michael.
Toby: Did you?
Toby: You know but the police could have been out there you know, catching real criminals instead of here searching my stuff.
Toby: I did leave.
Toby: Well, I don't see it that way.
Toby: What?
Toby: We should really have the office's air quality tested. We have radon coming from below, we have asbestos in the ceilings. These are silent killers.
Toby: You'll see.
Toby: Michael, we are only allowed to talk about Meredith's work performance. We can not ask her to stop drinking.
Toby: Michael, We should contact some experts. You don't know what your doing.
Toby: Okay you know, this-- this is over.
Toby: Sure. Wow.  Ow...
Toby: Hey Sasha, it's daddy. Have you ever heard of this doll , Princess Unicorn?
Toby: No, No, No. No, I'm just curious if you've heard of it.
Toby: This is great. My ex-wife's going to be so pissed.  For once daddy's gonna be a hero.
Toby: Hey, I'd like to buy one of your dolls.
Toby: Oh, no, I-- no, no, I was gonna buy that doll.
Toby: I was-- I was gonna get the doll.
Toby: But I-- I promised my daughter. Darryl, look-- I-- I need the doll, I need the doll. I-- I'm-- I'm begging you. I just-- I need it more than anything in this world. I need this doll. Darryl, man I need this doll.
Toby: I only have $200.
Toby: Oh man, thanks, thank you,  thank you, thank you.
Toby: Oh thanks. She's gonna...  oh...
Toby: No. It's even-- it's even better than the one I wanted.
Toby: Michael is like a movie on a plane. You know, it's not great, but it's something to watch. And when it's over you're like... how much time is left on this flight? Now what?
Toby: Not much? What's up with you?  Nah it's okay. I'm in the bathroom. Hey you been watching Damages this year? It's so good. No, you gotta tune in, it's as good as anything on HBO.  Hey does blue go with tan?
Toby: I have like, like a blue shirt? I don't wear a lot of colors, I have a lot of tan. Uh huh.
Toby: You have to stop.
Toby: Can't you just not look at his feet?
Toby: Well, I was in the Seminary for a year and dropped out 'cause I wanted to have sex with this girl, Cathy. Followed her to Scranton. Took the first job I could find in H.R. Later she divorced me. So no, I wouldn't say I have a passion for H.R.
Toby: I could loan you a pair of socks.
Toby: No, they're clean. I was going to wear them to volleyball practice later.
Toby: Hey, Meredith. Can I talk to you privately for a second?
Toby: Your outfit.
Toby: You--you might consider pulling it down a touch. It's ri--it's riding up a little high.
Toby: All right, look, what you gotta understand is that when you come to work, you give up certain rights.
Toby: All right, come. Sit down, Dwight.
Toby: I'm running this meeting.
Toby: It's not. It's not. Sit down or I am writing you up.
Toby: Casual Fridays are cancelled.  Let's just not do it anymore.
Toby: There's not a single appropriate outfit in this whole--except mine, quite honestly.
Toby: Ah, this reminds me of the HR convention last fall.
Toby: Really, really funny.
Toby: What are you guys talking about? I have a daughter. How can I be a virgin?
Toby: And that's how you broke your ankle?
Toby: I will send this off to corporate. Make sure you hold on to your medical bills. Feel better.
Toby: He has a doctor's note.
Toby: A guy on my street fell off a ladder painting his house. It was on the news.
Toby: That's not a very good Darryl.
Toby: Hmmm.
Toby: Well, we did a little investigation and Dwight had a good point. The ladder didn't reach the top shelf. I don't know if I believe it, but I am a fan of the hardboiled detective novel.  I'll punch you in da mush, see.
Toby: Sounds like a EMDP-40.
Toby: You're into trains?
Toby: Wow.
Toby: That's so cool.
Toby: Wow, I'd love to take a look at that.
Toby: Well, you know, 'cause of the trains.
Toby: Uhh, oh boy, oh boy.
Toby: Get over there! Get over there!
Toby: I can't believe this.  Hey you, ass****!
Toby: You gonna eat all that dog food yourself?
Toby: Just keep going.
Toby: If they were dilated...
Toby: No, nah. I don't see it.
Toby: Hey Darryl, look ahhh, we're here to apologize ahh...
Toby: What?
Toby: Well, I don't think there's any reason to check 'em but I suppose if we wanted to be really certain...
Toby: You really did it...
Toby: Ahhh, kay. Look, we could all file complaints against each other and just drown in a sea of paperwork, but you know, we can just move on with our... with our lives.
Toby: So Dwight and Darryl came to an agreement that both would file complaints with corporate and now I get to do all this paperwork. We worked it out.
Toby: Michael, I have one extra twin bed, if you want.
Toby: What?
Toby: Well I guess this weddings not going to happen. I wonder if this is it for them.
Toby: Well the "fun" is in it.
Toby: Yeah, I know.
Toby: Oscar says I checked out huh? Huh.
Toby: Hey, Jim.
Toby: Oh, Jesus!
Toby: What did I do?
Toby: Yeah, sure, what's up?
Toby: Um, yeah, ah, ah, that means a lot. Thank you for saying it.
Toby: Yeah, er... pull up a chair or sit on the shredder.
Toby: Ah, you should probably deal with that outside of the work place.
Toby: Ok, I mean, I could talk to her.
Toby: Yeah... that's why they pay me the big bucks.
Toby: I'm good...
Toby: You know, I always knew if Michael just took the time to get to know me, we'd become friends.
Toby: Hey Pam, could I talk to you for a sec?
Toby: Well, I was hoping that maybe in light of everything that's happened today, it would be a good idea if today, you, me, and Michael could head into the conference room for some conflict resolution.
Toby: Maybe you could just take the rest of the day off... you know...
Toby: Buddy, I think that...
Toby: Pam, can I talk to you for a second?
Toby: I heard about the hit. Just-- make sure it's off company property, right?
Toby: Okay, I think we should probably be okay.
Toby: Okay. And-- the-the power-- comes from the back foot. So its-- its all one motion through the-- body. So you stay a little low and there's a twist. You keep your shoulder down and you kind of throw out the arm.  Pow!
Toby: Yes.
Toby: Yes.
Toby: Okay.
Toby: Wow Michael, like this must be obvious how wrong this is.
Toby: You can't,  Ow. Look, you cannot push religion.
Toby: No!
Toby: Wow! Cause...
Toby: Thank you!
Toby: Thanks man!
Toby: What are, are you doing at my desk?
Toby: Come on, Dwight. Get out of here.
Toby: Sorry. Hey, Toby Flenderson. Nice to meet you. How can I help?
Toby: What do you mean?
Toby: Um... nothing comes to mind.
Toby: Mm-hmm.
Toby: Happy's a funny word.
Toby: You know, uh, what does it mean to be happy.  Keep philosophers busy for awhile.
Toby: Yes.
Toby: Generally happy.
Toby: Oh, I don't know.
Toby: I don't know.
Toby: I don't know. No.
Toby: I don't know how I'm going to get through this. I don't want to lie and I DON'T want to tell the truth.
Toby: Well, Eric's just going over some stuff.
Toby: It's, uh, it's HR stuff.
Toby: Look, you know, in any company there's going to be certain degrees -
Toby: Michael, this is really inappropriate to talk about.
Toby: Oop.
Toby: Looks like we kicked it.
Toby: Oh, one more!
Toby: If we don't patronise the only Syrian restaurant in town, there'll be nothing left but pan pizzas and make-your-own salads.
Toby: Does it have to be pizza? Could go for a, falafel?
Toby: I don't think this fax is going through. Is there a different... I can just put it through again, you know.
Toby: I called Tallahassee. He can ask you not to come in, but he can't dock your pay. That's not legal.
Toby: Yeah, I also learned some interesting things about how they structure...
Toby: This here is a radon test kit.  Okay I will be putting 'em everywhere. And... please don't throw these out.  This is a radon test kit.  Please don't throw these out.  See them all over the office.
Toby: Come on, Michael. You're interrupting.
Toby: Please sit down.
Toby: I don't wanna do this.
Toby: Hey everyone.
Toby: Well, that's...
Toby: Good.
Toby: Oh, wow, this is, uh, just a mystery novel that I've been working on.
Toby: Oh, uh, I don't know, uh...
Toby: Oh... yes.
Toby: Write your own damn novel.
Toby: I'm hungry.
Toby: Well, that was better.
Toby: Guys, I think Michael and Luke are related.
Toby: Yeah, I'm really looking forward to working with you, Michael.
Toby: What's something that you...
Toby: Michael has been assigned six hours of mandatory counseling with a trained professional. I actually have a degree in social work. I mean, I know a lot of people would ask a few standard questions, and check off a few boxes, but I've got a chance to do some good here.
Toby: We can do this with more privacy.
Toby: I'd like you to imagine a place where you feel very peaceful. For me, it's the walk from the yogurt shop to my car after I drop my daughter off on Sunday afternoons.
Toby: Uh... what was your favorite flavor of...
Toby: What?
Toby: Ok, I can't count the hour if you don't talk.
Toby: Michael, it's up to me to check off the boxes, and I can't do that unless I honestly...
Toby: Tell me!
Toby: I think we might be about to maybe really get somewhere.
Toby: Of course.
Toby: Come on Michael. Those are all fake stories.
Toby: Oh.
Toby: You know what Michael? You're right. You win. This is pointless. We're not getting anywhere. I got a bunch of fun stuff, in case my daughter ever comes over. Why don't we just run out the clock by playing games, drawing some pictures, talking?
Toby: We can play something more complicated if you like.
Toby: So you have played it before?
Toby: Who's Jeff?
Toby: So, her husband, your stepdad?
Toby: Did you guys do much stuff together?
Toby: It's working. I'm doing it!
Toby: Its really sad that your dog ran away. Why did it keep you from going to the park?
Toby: Why?
Toby: Dogs don't do that.
Toby: I don't know.
Toby: It's very important for you to be liked, isn't it?
Toby: I'm just trying to help you Michael.
Toby: I just want to...
Toby: Just fill them out any way you want.
Toby: I'll have Erin fax them back to corporate.
Toby: Yes.
Toby: He seems fine.
Toby: Heh.
Toby: You filled them in and faxed them yourself!
Toby: You remember that.
Toby: Unless part of you made that mistake on purpose.
Toby: It's a great stick, right?
Toby: Thanks!
Toby: No.
Toby: Oh.
Toby: Sunday church service... it's been a few years. The Big Guy and I, we got some catching up to do.
Toby: Okay, this is, all right, this is silly.   Nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope...
Toby: Why you always got to be so mean to me?
Toby: Hi guys.
Toby: Uh, I just wanted to let you know that, uh, I'll be taking a leave of absence starting next week.
Toby: Uh, no, the opposite. I was actually selected to be a juror on a very high-profile case.
Toby: Okay, that's hurtful talk. We've talked about that. You know, I don't interrupt your announcements.
Toby: Well, I really can't talk about it, but it's a very high profile case.
Toby: Yes.
Toby: I don't know.
Toby: Come on.
Toby: Guys, it's a really big deal.
Toby: I can neither confirm nor deny this. Let's just say I'll be up to my neck in jury duty.
Toby: Corporate will be sending someone else to take my place for a while.
Toby: Uh, Holly Flax, she comes from the Nashua branch.
Toby: Yeah, uh, she'll be starting next week. If you have any questions about the transition, just let me know.
Toby: Yeah.
Toby: Hey.
Toby: Uh, we're on recess. I came for the party. Hey, everyone.
Toby: I can't talk about it or I'll get removed from the jury.
Toby: I know people are only this excited to talk to me because of the trial. But, they talk to me for a while, and maybe people realize I have something to say. And then one day, we're just talking.
Toby: Oh, Jim. Hey.
Toby: There's this female uh, uh, stenographer at the courthouse...
Toby: Who looks exactly like you.
Toby: Yeah. No, it's uncanny.
Toby: What?
Toby: No, I would never ever do anything like that. But it does seem like something you would do.
Toby: No, they bring it in.
Toby: In meetings.
Toby: I really disagree with this. I think it's kind of hateful. Though I am a little happy right now to have a platform to talk about the outcome of a case I was recently a juror on. The Scranton Strangler. That man's being put to death. I was part of the verdict, and I'm not so sure he's guilty any more.
Toby: Well you know Michael, I have a brother in Boulder. Rory Flenderson. You should look him up.
Toby: Okay.
Toby: Here's the thing Rory, I knew you guys would hit it off in an odd way.
Toby: Do- Well you should give him a little time to settle in. But-
Toby: Well, no. He hates jams.
Toby: Thanks.
Toby: Hey, what happened?
Toby: Oh, I should get the accident report binder. I've never used the gun violence forms before.
Toby: I am supposed to collect eyewitness accounts. Who saw Dwight do this?
Toby: Would you consider this a terrorist incident?
Toby: Oh, there's a whole 'nother terrorism booklet for that.
Toby: Uh, well, we probably don't want to go just on seniority.
Toby: I'm sorry, what is your three-step plan?
Toby: W-What?
Toby: How will your experience selling refinery equipment translate to our smaller scale here?
Toby: Uh... Human Resources.
Toby: Yes.
Toby: So, how would you go about settling interpersonal conflicts within the office?
Toby: Well, it's one of my strengths, but it's the manager's job.
Toby: Well, why would you need relocation, if you already live in Scranton?
Toby: I'm sorry, if we did something to upset you, I'm sure it was inadvertent.
Toby: I didn't think you were.
Toby: But there aren't...
Toby: Well, we could try him out for a little while...  and if it doesn't work out, you know, maybe one of us could, you know, step in...
Toby: No, no,... no. Sorry. We cut Kevin off for the same thing. You have to have something to say, if you talk.
Toby: I should not be here. I’m in the- I was in the wrong- I’m- I’m sorry. Uh, just picture me back there. I- I was never here.
Toby: Guys. Really, it's ok. Everyone has made a really solid first impression, I don't think there's any reason for anybody to worry.
Toby: I am on the wrong side, and I am freaking out here.
Toby: Chicken piccata, side salad.
Toby: I thought I was T-Dog.
Toby: I would spend a lot of time launching my true crime podcast, The Flenderson Files. Dum bum buh.  Flenderson files.
Toby: If I won the lottery, I don't know. I don't think I'd make any changes to my life. Quit my job, move, meet someone....
Toby: Hey, where do I park?
Toby: Uh, you know what, I can go park it myself.
Toby: It's probably okay...
Toby: I think it's better that I...
Toby: It's a finicky car...
Toby: It's a little tricky, you might have to... take...
Toby: Every Halloween I tell him the same thing - You can't bring weapons into the office, and every year he says the same thing - As soon as I get my weapons back I'm gonna kill you. But there I am at Thanksgiving, alive, you know. I'm a lucky turkey.
Toby: If you turn out the lights we'll do a little dance.
Toby: Great.
Toby: So great.
Toby: Oh, hey, Bert. Wanna see the dance? Dem bones, dem bones, dem dry...
Toby: ...bones. What?
Toby: What... you can't... Gabe? Are you...
Toby: For you?
Toby: Who are you seeing? That's gr…
Toby: Oh.
Toby: You know I don't have to do the paperwork unless you're actually dating.
Toby: But I mean…uh have you talked to her? Is sh…
Toby: Do you know her last name, yet?
Toby: She's going to be screaming her own last name?
Toby: Good luck Gabe.
Toby: It’s going to be nice to have just a healthy, young, fit presence in the middle of the office.
Toby: Radiant.
Toby: You know it’s not just pregnant women who don’t get their due. You know who’s gorgeous? Helen Mirren.
Toby: You know what would be the hottest thing ever? It’s a pregnant Helen Mirren.
Toby: Did you bring your passport with you?
Toby: Well, I do. Always ready for adventure.
Toby: No.
Toby: Oh my god.
Toby: You know this sounds a lot like the premise of my latest Chad Flendermen novel. A murder for framing.
Toby: Chad Flendermen. Just an easy going black guy, he knows the streets, yet he also went to Oxford. So. Just as comfortable on a motorcycle as he is on Air Force One. Oh and he's also the world's leading Egyptologist.
Toby: No, no, no, no, no. Women chase him. He misses his wife.
Toby: Fingerprints can be planted. You know with a severed hand...
Toby: …..Chad Flendermen's kryptonite.
Toby: Well, and you have a... yes, a- d- another chateau.
Toby: Note? It's a symphony.
Toby: I would love that.
Toby: Toby, you are playing a dangerous game. Guess I'm through the gateway now, though, right?
Toby: Bears.
Toby: To madness.
Toby: And I am Bacchus's friend!
Toby: Mineral-ey.
Toby: You know, when I was on j-duty, uh, Strangler case, we used to recreate the various stranglings with empanadas from- at Ernesto's.
Toby: You mean food truck. Ernesto's was a food truck.
Toby: Ernesto!
Toby: Yeah, hey.
Toby: It's the empanada guy.
Toby: It has been a long, lonely winter.
Toby: It is real, thank you for saying that.
Toby: Me?
Toby: Yeah, um... I can’t believe you remembered. I do self-defense. Um, I’ll go put on my cup.
Toby: Self-defense is not some fun boxing match, okay? This is about escaping with your life. So... strike, scream, and run. All right? Let’s try it.
Toby: That may have been my fault.
Toby: Okay, look, in a real crisis situation, you’re not gonna have to time to think, okay? So just remember, I-A-A-T-G. “It’s all about the groin.”
Toby: I don’t think that’s very common.
Toby: Well, the most common scenario is a larger man attacking a smaller female.
Toby: It’s interesting that you’re drawn to the point of view of the attacker. &nbsp;You would like the turn of the table. Okay, the latest Chad Flenderman novel...  written from the point of view of his nemesis, Dr. Lucifer Wu.
Toby: All right, well, let’s try one simple technique together. Okay, why doesn’t everyone stand? Okay, so... you’re being attacked. You’ve got your hands up. Simple palm strike to the chin. Up to the chin. One, two.
Toby: Now, if your attacker is willing to defile a corpse, you better stop playing dead right away and just make it known that you’re alive.
Toby: There’s no shame in getting beaten up by a girl. My ex-wife used to demolish me.
Toby: Okay, this isn’t over. Let’s stay focused, okay? &nbsp;We made fun of Andy earlier for getting beat up by a little girl, but... little things can be dangerous.
Toby: Okay. Good point...
Toby: I don’t... I don’t...
Toby: I don’t know if this is gonna help...Uh...
Toby: We should stay to maybe some more traditional models...
Toby: Okay, this is what’s called pre-violent posturing.
Toby: Okay, I’m at what’s called “the decision point.”
Toby: Knock, knock. Hey, Sasha's first year in the troops, so I'm selling cookies for her. Anyway, would you like some?
Toby: What?
Toby: You can't claim territories. This is the only place I interact with people. Can't you sell at your church or barber shop?  Or chess club, or?
Toby: That's it? Yeah, well, ok. Thanks Darryl.
Toby: Hey, you tricked me. You just wanted Kevin.
Toby: No, no, no. It's not fair. What if Kevin wants to buy cookies from me?
Toby: See?
Toby: No, you hit the road, jack.
Toby: You know, why don't we split the order? It's only fair.
Toby: I'm, I'm not gonna comment on my personal life.
Toby: No.
Toby: 50?
Toby: And this is Sam.
Toby: Yeah, I don't know why you picked names that are also guys' names.
Toby: Don't make me be your pony, Kevin.
Toby: Yeah. I have my dignity too. I refuse to be another man's horsey.
Toby: Robert did say you'd be joining us. Welcome. I'm Tony.
Toby: I- I said I'm Tony. Okay I made a mistake. I thought it might go unnoticed. But uh, I'm Toby.
Toby: It happens, okay? Uh, so let's just find an empty desk for you, and uh, I'm sure Robert will be with you as soon as he gets in.
Toby: Erin, HR is a joke. I can't do anything about anything.
Toby: Me?
Toby: Now, we’re actually a lot closer to Binghamton than you are. Kimosabe.
Toby: I like to think Lloyd Gross is a no-nonsense guy who doesn’t back down from anybody. And he calls people “Kimosabe”.
Toby: That’s true. There’s no rule. You can check the employee handbook. Oh, can I check the employee handbook Lloyd? Well, does it say anything about me choking a man with my bare hands?
Toby: No.
Toby: I’ve seen guys like you. Big guys who like to push the little guys around. Lloyd Gross eats bullies like you for breakfast.
Toby: Hey, text from the old wife. Gonna take that.
Toby: Andy, we wanted to talk to you. A lot of us are very concerned about you.
Toby: I can refer you to someone to talk to.
Toby: Give you a name or-
Toby: Hey, Andy, Nobody's calling you crazy, Andy. We're your friends, Andy.
Toby: Do you see David Wallace in the room right now?
Toby: Kelly Kapoor is gone. Her fiancé Ravi was hired as a pediatrics professor at Miami university.
Toby: Miami University in Ohio. On her last day, Kelly was still a little confused about it
Toby: Shortly after Kelly left, Ryan quit and also moved to Ohio, for what he claimed were unrelated reasons.
Toby: There’s two new guys back there with me now. They’re in their 20s. And we really get along.
Toby: Just three single guys. Getting into trouble.
Toby: Hey you wanted to see me?
Toby: You can only fire Nellie for cause.
Toby: Except you just told me you were gonna make it up. Now if she sues, I have to testify against you.
Toby: Can’t. I took a course at the Weintraub Memory Academy. I sat next to this woman named Beverly Brook. She had a Greek salad for lunch. See what I mean?
Toby: This is a bloodbath. Alright, I’m calling this.
Toby: It is enough of this. Everyone, let’s go back to work.
Toby: I w-, uh, I would love to give uh-
Toby: John Stamos.
Toby: Johnny Depp.
Toby: Sh, uh, um, I was having this separate conversation with Kevin. Uh, Johnny Depp.
Toby: Uh-huh.
Toby: It's an EMF hotspot.
Toby: You think I have a machine for measuring bee hives?
Toby: Hey.
Toby: Are... are you me?
Toby: Oh my goodness, look. Look at this.
Toby: Look at.. Look at me.
Toby: Yeah.
Toby: Kevin. His gambling problem must've resurfaced. I'm gonna have to send him home until I can do an investigation.
Toby: Hi, Kevin. Look, I need to talk to you about-
Toby: How?
Toby: So you set him up.
Toby: I knew it. I knew it from the beginning it was possible.
Toby: A few years ago, when I was on the jury of the Scranton Strangler..
Toby: I always thought he might have been set up but I felt pressured to convict.
Toby: Tough? I put an innocent man on death row.
Toby: I have very fertile hair glands.
Toby: I am so glad I got all of the dudes to do Movember. We have the dopest time back in the annex.
Toby: We even go to lunch, pick up babes.
Toby: Smile if you love men’s prostates.
Toby: This is fun. You know? I mean, this is fun.
Toby: That is-- that is a loaded question.
Toby: He said that?
Toby: I-- I don’t know if there’s truth to-- to, uh, to that.
Toby: Oh... uh...
Toby: I don’t...
Toby: They don’t have vaginas.
Toby: No. They’re just regular men.
Toby: Uh... wow....
Toby: You know who's not gonna get to work on some exciting new startup this year? George Howard Skub, a.k.a. the alleged Scranton strangler, because he's in prison  for something he may not have done.
Toby: The Scranton strangler. George Howard Skub. Haven't I told you about the jury I was on a couple years ago?
Toby: I--I could--I could talk about it.
Toby: I could, sure. Have a seat. I would start at the beginning, but I think I need to go farther back.
Toby: Here's the thing about moonlight. It's not sunlight.
Toby: Yeah. So anyway, the entire jury wants me to vote guilty. But then I did a little research of my own, and forget everything you thought you knew about fingerprinting.
Toby: Two dimes, seven nickels--Well, okay, no, that doesn't add up. It was one quarter and--
Toby: What? I was just explaining--
Toby: Why wouldn't it--
Toby: But why?
Toby: Are you gonna kiss me?
Toby: Hey, really nice job in that meeting in there.
Toby: So proud of you, Hon.
Toby: I’m just curious though, what do you have against Pete and Erin?
Toby: Pete’s a pretty cool guy, though, and Andy was a terrible lover to Erin. He basically ignored her and left on a boat.
Toby: Yeah, well... Not everybody has what we have.
Toby: Mm-hmm.
Toby: Lady...you never stop surprising me.
Toby: You sort of deserve an apology here. Frank?
Toby: Uh... it... compliment...
Toby: There were two or three 'sorry's in there.
Toby: You can't fire Pete. You understand why, right?
Toby: Oh, Andy, we had this exact same conversation when you wanted to get rid of Nellie. You can't just get rid of people over grudges.
Toby: Alright, well look. While I have you here, this is a relationship disclosure form for Pete &amp; Erin.
Toby: It's just boiler plating, you don't have to read it.
Toby: I already signed it. I was just showing you.
Toby: Andy, it's not the original. And destroying it will not stop them from dating. Andy.  It's the original.
Toby: Hey Nellie. Mmm. I am so sick of February. It's the shortest month but it sure doesn't feel that way. We should catch up.
Toby: Y'know I've been going over my notes from the trial...
Toby: ...feel like I may have glossed over a few...
Toby: ...minor points.
Toby: I've been drafting a letter.
Toby: I'm going to the prison. This afternoon. I'm gonna talk to the strangler.
Toby: Well I just wanted to say I'm doing it.
Toby: Hi, I'm uh, Toby Flenderson. I'm here to see George Howard Scubb.
Toby: This is the prison. Uh, I am not going in there with expectations, per say. Uh, I will meet George Howard Scubb. I will tell him that I believe he is innocent. I would understand if he felt motivated to hug me. I would understand if a friendship began. How did, how did Bogart put it?  I think this is a start of my first friendship.
Toby: He- he can't do that. Turns out she's allowed to have feelings of sexual arousal. It doesn't become a violation until she physically acts on it.
Toby: A little ironic that I'm going to be kind of a TV star, because my last Chad Flendermen novel  was based on a murdered TV star. The small screen-
Toby: Oh, sure.
Toby: Let’s do it. Let’s get personal.
Toby: Whoa.
Toby: Oh, yeah, no, it’s okay. I can handle it. Um, so…
Toby: Oh, sure, lots of times. Yeah. Wait, you and Pam aren’t in couple’s counseling, are you? Oh, God.
Toby: Oh, you guys. Kelly called it. 2013. So s—hey! Hey! Hey, no! No! Get outta here. Clark, get outta here.
Toby: Yes, it is your mistake. He’s lingering. So annoying. I’m gonna kill him. How can I help? I’m here.
Toby: You’re really there to talk to each other. I would say that the therapist is more of a facilitator.
Toby: He might start by asking each of you, “Why do you think you’re here?”
Toby: Well, what’s a little while?
Toby: I mean, what’s the end date? It must be really hard for her to sign on to be unhappy if she doesn’t know when it’s gonna end.
Toby: Blah blah blah blah. Jim.
Toby: They do. That they do.
Toby: That they do.
Toby: Good morning.
Toby: Hey I left my glasses down here somewhere. Crossing through, beep beep.
Toby: Ow! Ow!
Toby: I'm sorry!
Toby: Andy?
Toby: You wanted to see the gooey eye.
Toby: Alright, it's getting gooier so we'll just do it later.
Toby: Okay, then, Andy.
Toby: Andy, you know I can’t do that. It’d be lying.
Toby: Yeah, I’m—
Toby: I can’t.
Toby: Oh, come on. Andy, no.
Toby: No, no.
Toby: No, no. Andy.
Toby: Yeah. Yeah, I don’t think…
Toby: Hello!  Hello!
Toby: Hi!
Toby: Oh.
Toby: Oh, no, no. no. My plane just got in. From New York. Are you still with Piotr?
Toby: Anyone can follow a Twitter feed. Wanna share a cab?
Toby: [alone in cab} After Dwight fired me, I moved to New York to write the great American novel. I have six roommates. Heh. Which are better than friends, you know ‘cause they have to give you one month’s notice before they leave.
Toby: Yes.
Toby: It’s everything.
Toby: Good luck.
Toby: Oh, I don’t know. I might turn in early.
Toby: Yeah. I’ll stop by.
